1	Introduction
People undertake a wide range of activities in their day to day lives. From going out to get groceries, to buying food and even taking clothes out to the laundry. All these errands may be done for one’s self or for another person. Either way, it won’t be far fetched to say that no one genuinely enjoys running errands. Errands tend to have varying complexities; it may be simple to pick a laptop charger from the next room or even to change your own bedsheet. However, it is more complicated to get groceries from a mall about 10 kilometers away. It is also much more complex to pick up a package from a pick-up point that is also about a dozen kilometers away. More often than not, people will require help with running their errands. Having a person who can run all your errands in a given time frame will be very beneficial to almost everyone. It will mean a lot of time and energy will be saved or focused on other important ventures. It will also mean there will be some element of money or stipends lost. Few to no stranger will willingly run errands without a form of payment and even if there is a form of relation, it is expected that there will a form of reward for each completed errand.  
1.1	Problem Statement and Motivation
With the world still recovering from the 2020 coronavirus pandemic and with the world having to suffer from the war between Russia and Ukraine, the economies of countries have generally plummeted. Even without the aforementioned complications, people often go through some levels of financial hardships throughout the day. Life keeps becoming increasingly expensive yet the income streams never seem to catch up. For a person to maintain a certain standard of living, more income has to be made. This means, a person has to get a job or two. For students in the university, this means student-jobs are almost a must. Requiring jobs is one thing and actually landing those jobs is another. Getting jobs these days are getting more difficult by the day. Each job requires a certain skillset that a person may not have. More stable a well-paying-jobs may also require some kind of certificate usually a diploma, degree or higher which a person, especially an undergraduate student or the SHS dropout, may not have. Even with the skillset and necessary qualification, there is a lot of competition that further reduces a person’s chances. With all these obstacles, it is difficult for people to get jobs and earn money. On the other hand, people may have the money but have little to no time to run certain errands for themselves. It may not even be the case of money, sometimes it’s about the energy. Imagine going down with a flu the very moment your package is ready for pick up. Or closing late from a very stressful class only to find out you have run out of milk for your evening tea. That is where the bridge comes in. a person may not have the qualification or skillset to land a major job but almost everyone can grab a tin of milk from the grocery store for a few cedis. So how about having a platform that facilitates running of errands for a fee. It relieves those with the money and fills the pockets of those with the energy and time to run errands. Of course, there are several apps and platforms that claim to offer similar services. Glovo, Jumia foods and even Bolt foods are classic examples of such apps. However, these apps are greatly limited to food deliveries and have little to no room for other forms of errands. This calls for the need to have an app that sees to a wider range of errands by allowing the user to self-enter the required errand and specify the payment amount allocated to that task. Registered “errand boys” can then look through a list of available errands and choose the best suited ones to run.
1.2	Objectives and Limitations
The purpose of this project is to design and develop an Android/IOS application, that creates and searches for errands. It is a two-way system that requires one end user to upload an errand which the other end user can accept or reject. Contact information of both users will be exchanged as well as the exact locations involved. A person receives and errand list based on proximity. This will prevent a person from receiving errands over 5 kilometers away from their current location. This feature will cut down the waiting time of the person who uploaded the errand. However, as perfect as the idea sounds, there are a host of limitations to this project. The limitations are mainly due to two factors; time and resources. With the major time constraint with regards to the deadline for the project, certain helpful features and considerations had to be cut out. 

